Add glossary page (#286)
safe-global/safe-docs: miscellaneous/glossary.md

### Safe Guards

Guards are smart contracts that can protect Safe transactions. They're used to add an extra layer of security to Safe transactions by adding custom rules to them before or after a transaction. For example, a guard can protect a Safe transaction from being executed if a specific user doesn't sign the transaction.

### Safe Modules

[Safe Modules](https://docs.safe.global/safe-smart-account/modules) are the core units constituting the [Safe{Core} Protocol](#safecore-protocol). They come in four types: [Function Handlers](#function-handlers), [Hooks](#hooks), [Plugins](#plugins), and [Signature Verifiers](#signature-verifiers). They're used to extend the functionality of Safe{Core} by adding custom features and business logic in a secured way, while avoiding any type of vendor lock-in. The protocol ensures the security of modules through [registries](#registries), and that it remains vendor agnostic by encapsulating different [account abstraction](#account-abstraction) implementations through a [manager](#managers).

### Safe Smart Accounts

> Smart Accounts (sometimes known as Smart Contract Wallets, Smart Wallets, or Contract Wallets) are a way to improve the security of Ethereum [Externally Owned Accounts](#externally-owned-account) by adding a layer of abstraction on top of them, adding features for recovery, [social logins](#social-login), and [gasless transactions](#gasless-transactions). They're [smart contracts](https://ethereum.org/en/whitepaper/#scripting) used to store funds and execute transactions on behalf of their owners. In Safe's context, Safe Smart Accounts are any implementation of the [`safe-contracts`]() repository. This abstraction layer is our central concept for building [Safe's vision](https://docs.safe.global/safe-smart-account/safe-smart-account).

Reviewer: There's an empty link here.

### Account Abstraction

Account abstraction is a term used to describe the process of abstracting the concept of an account. It is a way to improve the security of Ethereum accounts by adding a layer of abstraction on top of them, adding features for [recoverability](#recoverability), [social logins](#social-login) and [gasless transactions](#gasless-transactions). This layer of abstraction is the main concept we use to build Safe's vision for modular [Smart Accounts](#smart-accounts).

### Apps

Safe Apps are web applications that can be used to interact with Safe. They are used to provide a better user experience when interacting with Safe, and are mostly built using the [Safe Apps SDK](../safe-apps/README.md). They can be used to interact with Safe's core features, such as [transactions](#transactions) and [modules](#modules), or to provide entirely new features. They are gathered in the a [Safe App Gallery](https://app.safe.global/apps) and can be used by any Safe{Wallet} user.

### AuthKit

> AuthKit is a part of the Safe{Core} SDK that provides a set of tools to authenticate users and sign messages. It is used to sign transactions and messages with the user's Ethereum account. It also provides a set of tools to authenticate users with more familiar web services, such as Gmail. In this last case, we talk about [Social Login](#social-login).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AuthKit is a library of the Safe{Core} SDK that provides a set of tools to authenticate users with one of the different [Social Login](#social-login) methods offered, generating an externally-owned account that can act as the signer of a Safe.
```

For reference: https://github.com/safe-global/safe-core-sdk/tree/main/packages/auth-kit

## G

### Gasless Transactions

Gasless transactions are [Ethereum transactions](#transactions) that are paid for by a third-party. They can either be paid for by a [relayer](#relayers), or by a Safe{Wallet} user's Safe. They are used to provide a better user experience by removing the need for users to pay for gas fees, or even having to buy cryptocurrency altogether when interacting with a blockchain.

> ### Guards

Author: @tanay1337 what would be your take on this?
